README.md, before:

# React official site
- https://react.dev/learn
- https://ja.react.dev/learn

## Learning React
### Tutorial
- https://react.dev/learn/tutorial-tic-tac-toe
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/tutorial-tic-tac-toe
  - [tic-tac-toe](./tic-tac-toe)
- https://react.dev/learn/your-first-component
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/your-first-component
  - [your-first-component 1](./your-first-component1)
  - [your-first-component 2](./your-first-component2)
  - [your-first-component 3](./your-first-component3)
  - [your-first-component 4](./your-first-component4)
- https://react.dev/learn/importing-and-exporting-components
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/importing-and-exporting-components
  - [importing-and-exporting-components](./importing-and-exporting-components)
- https://react.dev/learn/writing-markup-with-jsx
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/writing-markup-with-jsx
  - [writing-markup-with-jsx](./writing-markup-with-jsx)
- https://react.dev/learn/javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/conditional-rendering
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/conditional-rendering
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/rendering-lists
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/rendering-lists
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/keeping-components-pure
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/keeping-components-pure
  - not finished

Commit message:

add answers of javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces.

README.md, after:

# React official site
- https://react.dev/learn
- https://ja.react.dev/learn

## Learning React
### Tutorial
- https://react.dev/learn/tutorial-tic-tac-toe
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/tutorial-tic-tac-toe
  - [tic-tac-toe](./tic-tac-toe)
- https://react.dev/learn/your-first-component
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/your-first-component
  - [your-first-component 1](./your-first-component1)
  - [your-first-component 2](./your-first-component2)
  - [your-first-component 3](./your-first-component3)
  - [your-first-component 4](./your-first-component4)
- https://react.dev/learn/importing-and-exporting-components
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/importing-and-exporting-components
  - [importing-and-exporting-components](./importing-and-exporting-components)
- https://react.dev/learn/writing-markup-with-jsx
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/writing-markup-with-jsx
  - [writing-markup-with-jsx](./writing-markup-with-jsx)
- https://react.dev/learn/javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces
  - [javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces 1](./javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces1)
  - [javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces 2](./javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces2)
  - [javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces 3](./javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces3)
- https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/conditional-rendering
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/conditional-rendering
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/rendering-lists
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/rendering-lists
  - not finished
- https://react.dev/learn/keeping-components-pure
- https://ja.react.dev/learn/keeping-components-pure
  - not finished
